Big Crepe Jaguar

medium

# function _checkAndApplyIncentives() would call `incentivize()` for same address multiple times if sender==recipient

## Summary
UbiquityDollarToken token has functionality to incentive address when they transfer Ubiquity token. code calls incentiveContract for `sender`, `recipient`, `operator` and global. the issue is that when calling `incentiveContract[opperator]` code makes sure that it's not calling the address for the second time but for `sender` and `recipient` there is no check. so if an address transfers tokens to itself then `incentivize()` would be called two times for that address's `incentiveContract ` while in reality the tokens didn't transferred at all. this can give attacker ability to get incentive without really transferring tokens or it would cause wrong handling of the transfers and double profits/penalty for self transfers.

## Vulnerability Detail
function `_checkAndApplyIncentives()` is responsible for applying incentives on Dollar transfers. as you can see in the [code](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-ubiquity/blob/d9c39e8dfd5601e7e8db2e4b3390e7d8dff42a8e/ubiquity-dollar/packages/contracts/src/dollar/core/UbiquityDollarToken.sol#L84-L136) when calling `recipientIncentive` there is no check that `recipientIncentive != senderIncentive` and also there is no check that `sender != recipient` so if attacker or any users or contract send Ubiquity Dollar to itself then this function would call `incentivize()` for that address two time while in reality no token is transferred.

for operator's incentive [code](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-ubiquity/blob/d9c39e8dfd5601e7e8db2e4b3390e7d8dff42a8e/ubiquity-dollar/packages/contracts/src/dollar/core/UbiquityDollarToken.sol#L113-L117) checks and makes sure that doesn't call the `incentivize()` for the second time.

clearly lack of check for self transfer can cause calculation problem for incentive logic and double reward/penalty can happen. there is no clear document about the incentive logic but calling two time for a fake-transfer will break most of the logics. on sample is that to give incentive based on minting another token, if incentive give profit(mint another token) or take penalty(burn another token) then self-transferring would allow minting unlimited tokens.

## Impact
incentive logics can be fooled to double incentive the same address by self transferring.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-ubiquity/blob/d9c39e8dfd5601e7e8db2e4b3390e7d8dff42a8e/ubiquity-dollar/packages/contracts/src/dollar/core/UbiquityDollarToken.sol#L89-L109

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
if `sender == recipient` don't call incentive.