Soft Coconut Mongoose

high

# Fragile collateralization model will likely cause bad debt

## Summary

Users are allowed to fully mint on their collateral value, potentially causing bad debt as soon as the collateral price drops.

## Vulnerability Detail

The Ubiquity Pool allows users to mint Dollar tokens (uAD) by depositing collateral. The amount of uAD tokens a user is allowed to mint is given by the `getDollarInCollateral()` function:

```solidity
    function getDollarInCollateral(
        uint256 collateralIndex,
        uint256 dollarAmount
    ) internal view returns (uint256) {
        UbiquityPoolStorage storage poolStorage = ubiquityPoolStorage();
        return
            dollarAmount
                .mul(UBIQUITY_POOL_PRICE_PRECISION)
                .div(10 ** poolStorage.missingDecimals[collateralIndex])
                .div(poolStorage.collateralPrices[collateralIndex]);
    }
```

This function takes the requested uAD amount (`dollarAmount`) and divides it by the current collateral price (`poolStorage.collateralPrices[collateralIndex]`), returned by Chainlink. This basically means that users are allowed to fully mint on their collateral value, the effective LTV on all collaterals is 100%.

This creates an extremely fragile ecosystem: whenever the price of an asset drops this will instantly mean bad debt for the protocol. Even if the collateral tokens are going to be non-volatile assets such as stablecoins DAI or LUSD, there is no guarantee that these are going to be always pegged to 1 USD. For example, there are times in which DAI dropped significantly from the $1 peg.

## Impact

The collateralization model will fail as soon as any supported collateral drops in value, creating bad debt in the pool.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-ubiquity/blob/main/ubiquity-dollar/packages/contracts/src/dollar/libraries/LibUbiquityPool.sol#L284-L294

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Introduce LTV configurations on collaterals to allow minting up to a certain value of the deposited collateral. Allow and incentivize liquidations to avoid bad debt in the protocol.