Mini Concrete Iguana

medium

# AMO Minter could potentially prevent users from redeeming dollars from the Ubiquity Pool when borrowing

## Summary
An AMO minter may temporarily or permanently prevent normal users from redeeming their dollars if the borrowed amount is too large, due to missing checks. 
## Vulnerability Detail
Assume the following scenario: Initially, there are 1000 DAI tokens in a pool. User A deposits 400 DAI and receives 400 Ubiquity Dollar tokens in exchange, resulting in a total of 1400 DAI tokens in the pool. Meanwhile, an AMO minter intends to borrow 1200 DAI tokens from the pool. The function `amoMinterBorrow` is designed in a way that allows the AMO minter to borrow any amount of collateral it is responsible for, such as DAI. 

https://github.com/ubiquity/ubiquity-dollar/blob/8fa47c9414aa134c9652cc0d543bdfeb719b3e99/packages/contracts/src/dollar/libraries/LibUbiquityPool.sol#L574-L598

As a result, we now have 200 DAI tokens in the pool. When user A attempts to redeem his dollars, the transaction will revert with the message 'Insufficient pool collateral'.

https://github.com/ubiquity/ubiquity-dollar/blob/8fa47c9414aa134c9652cc0d543bdfeb719b3e99/packages/contracts/src/dollar/libraries/LibUbiquityPool.sol#L438-L444

Another similar scenario could occur when the dollars are redeemed but not yet collected. In the meantime, the AMO Minter borrows a large amount again, and when the user attempts to collect their redemption, the transaction is reverted due to an insufficient number of tokens in the pool.

https://github.com/ubiquity/ubiquity-dollar/blob/8fa47c9414aa134c9652cc0d543bdfeb719b3e99/packages/contracts/src/dollar/libraries/LibUbiquityPool.sol#L513-L517

## Impact

Depending on the implementation of AMO Minter this could lead to the situation where users are not able to redeem or collect their dollars.

## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Although the AMO Minter might be a trusted source or the implementation is still not clear, it is important to impose some form of cap or limit on the pool's side regarding how much an AMO Minter is able to borrow. This precautionary measure helps prevent the AMO Minter from borrowing excessively in case the implementation on the AMO Minter side is erroneously executed.

To prevent numerous reverted transactions in scenario 2 (where the user cannot collect their redemption due to the AMO Minter borrowing too much in the meantime), the team could implement a check to ensure that the collateral to be borrowed is less or equal than the free pool collateral since 

```solidity
freeCollateralBalance(collateralIndex) = IERC20(poolStorage.collateralAddresses[collateralIndex])
                                                                   .balanceOf(address(this))
                                                                   .sub(poolStorage.unclaimedPoolCollateral[collateralIndex]);
```

This measure would at least guarantee a payout to those users who initiated the collection process

```solidity
require (collateralAmount <= freeCollateralBalance(collateralIndex), "Amount to borrow to large"); 
```