Sparkly Taffy Shark

high

# Unrestricted Collateral Borrowing in amoMinterBorrow Function

## Summary
The absence of borrowing limits in the amoMinterBorrow function poses a significant threat to the financial integrity of the protocol. Given that DeFi platforms are attractive targets for attackers, 
## Vulnerability Detail
The `amoMinterBorrow` function in the contract it's  allows Authorized Monetary Operator Minters to borrow collateral from the pool.
the problem is there is no cap or stringent validation on the amount of collateral so an `AMO` Minter can borrow and this poses a significant risk that if an `AMO` Minter's account is compromised.
let's details the vulnerability with an Attack Vector:
- let's say An attacker gains control over an `AMO` Minter's account.
- then the attacker repeatedly calls `amoMinterBorrow`, requesting large amounts of collateral each time.
- and Without a borrowing limit, the attacker can continue to withdraw vast amounts of collateral, effectively emptying the pool's reserves.
- here is the vulnerable part :
```solidity
 function amoMinterBorrow(uint256 collateralAmount) external {
        LibUbiquityPool.amoMinterBorrow(collateralAmount);
    }

```
- as Scenario:
-  Suppose the pool has a total collateral balance of 1,000,000 USD in various tokens.
- An AMO Minter, under normal operations, would borrow collateral in moderate amounts, say 10,000 USD at a time, for yield farming or liquidity provisioning.
-  If compromised, the attacker can repeatedly borrow, for instance, 100,000 USD in collateral multiple times within a short period, potentially draining the pool's reserves swiftly.
- as result The pool's collateral reserves deplete rapidly, leaving it unable to meet the redemption demands of other users, leading to a loss of trust and financial instability.
## Impact
if an attacker exploit this it's can lead to significant problem the most import of them is to loss of fund 
## Code Snippet
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-ubiquity/blob/d9c39e8dfd5601e7e8db2e4b3390e7d8dff42a8e/ubiquity-dollar/packages/contracts/src/dollar/facets/UbiquityPoolFacet.sol#L123C4-L126C1
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
- need to set a maximum limit for each borrowing transaction and overall limits for AMO Minters. 