Savory Sandstone Eagle

high

# Minting dollars is allowed even when collateral redemption is paused, leading to user collateral getting locked

## Summary
Minting of Ubiquity Dollars in the protocol happens through the `mintDollar` function of  `UbiquityPoolFacet`

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-ubiquity/blob/main/ubiquity-dollar/packages/contracts/src/dollar/libraries/LibUbiquityPool.sol#L326


Basically a user provides collateral that is currently supported and gets minted the respective amount of dollar tokens. If the user wants to take back his collateral, he can do so by calling the redeem function, where he will return some dollars and get back a proportional amount of collateral.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-ubiquity/blob/main/ubiquity-dollar/packages/contracts/src/dollar/libraries/LibUbiquityPool.sol#L399

The protocol has a functionality that allows particular collateral tokens to be paused from redemption by the admin. 

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-ubiquity/blob/main/ubiquity-dollar/packages/contracts/src/dollar/libraries/LibUbiquityPool.sol#L831-L833
This means that calls to the `redeemDollar()` function will fail for that token.

Problem is that once redemption is paused for a collateral, users can still mint new dollars against that collateral, without having the option to take it out.

## Vulnerability Detail
There is no check in the `mintDollar()` function of `LibUbiquityPool` that prevents dollar mints against a collateral once it has been paused.

It's clear that the idea of being able to pause redemption is to act as  a security measure in some cases when the integrity of the system is put in danger and bigger evil is to be avoided. In such scenarios It's unavoidable that the users who already deposited the collateral before it was paused would be restricted.

However it does not make sense to allow new users to enter in an initially unfavourable state for them. Stripping them from their right to take back their collateral from the very beginning.


*Scenario*
- `DAI` redemption is paused
- Bob borrows `DAI` and mints Dollar tokens with the clear intention to return those token after a short time (day,week), so that he can repay his debt.
- Bob mints dollar tokens 
- Bob comes back after 2 days(the day he should repay his loan)
- Bob fails to redeem `DAI`
- Bob becomes insolvent on his loan, because he could not get his money out on time

Even if we are to assume a more simple case where a user provides his own collateral, but decides there are more favourable opportunities to use it and decides to take it out shortly (in a couple of hours) this will not be possible.

This would have quite the reputation hit on the protocol and would definitely not incentivise users from using it a second time

## Impact
Users collateral is locked in the protocol and inaccessible for them, because they are allowed to mint Dollars even when redemption has been paused.

## Code Snippet
You can add the below test to `UbiquityPoolFacet.t.sol` & run `forge test --contracts test/diamond/facets/UbiquityPoolFacet.t.sol --mt testMintDollar_OnRedeemPaused `

```solidity
function testMintDollar_OnRedeemPaused() public {
        vm.prank(admin);
        ubiquityPoolFacet.setPriceThresholds(
            1000000, // mint threshold
            990000 // redeem threshold
        );

        // balances before
        assertEq(collateralToken.balanceOf(address(ubiquityPoolFacet)), 0);
        assertEq(dollarToken.balanceOf(user), 0);

        // redeem is paused before mint
        vm.prank(admin);
        ubiquityPoolFacet.toggleMintRedeemBorrow(0,1);

        // verify redeem is paused
        LibUbiquityPool.CollateralInformation memory info = ubiquityPoolFacet.collateralInformation(address(collateralToken));
        assertEq(info.isRedeemPaused, true);

        // minting succeeds even though redemption is paused
        vm.prank(user);
        (uint256 totalDollarMint, uint256 collateralNeeded) = ubiquityPoolFacet
            .mintDollar(
                0, // collateral index
                100e18, // Dollar amount
                99e18, // min amount of Dollars to mint
                100e18 // max collateral to send
            );

        // balances after
        assertEq(collateralToken.balanceOf(address(ubiquityPoolFacet)), 100e18);
        assertEq(dollarToken.balanceOf(user), 99e18);

        // unable to redeem
        vm.expectRevert("Redeeming is paused");
        vm.prank(user);
        ubiquityPoolFacet.redeemDollar(0,1 wei,1 wei);
    }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add a check to `LibUbiquityPool.mintDollar` that prevents minting for a collateral that has been paused:

```solidity
 require(
             poolStorage.isRedeemPaused[collateralIndex] == false,
            "Collateral redemption is paused"
        );
```

