Sticky Wintergreen Peacock

medium

# Protocol may become insolvent

## Summary

The function to mint and redeem dollar takes/sends collateral from/to the user based on collateral price. If collateral price fluctuates in between a mint and a redeem, the contract may need to send more collateral than it owns. If the user redeems as much as the protocol owns, the remaining Ubiquity dollar's value is backed by no collateral.

## Vulnerability Detail

The mint dollar function does the following: 
- requires dollar price > mintThreshold (e.g. 1.01)
- calculate x collateral worth of y USD based on collateral price (y input)
- take x collateral from user
- send y Ubiquity dollar to user

Burn dollar:
- requires dollar price < burnThreshold (e.g. 0.99)
- calculate x collateral worth of y USD based on collateral price (y input)
- send x collateral to user (via a redeem delay)
- take y Ubiquity dollar from user

Imagine the following:
- DAI price is 1 USD, Ubiquity price is 1.01 USD
- user mints 1 Ubiquity dollar for 1 DAI
- DAI price drops to 0.99 USD, Ubiquity price drops to 0.99 USD
- user redeems 1 Ubiquity dollar for `1/0.99 =~ 1.0101` DAI
- the contract does not own the DAI and the transaction reverts
- user redeems 0.99 Ubiquity for 1 DAI
- The remaining 0.01 Ubiquity is not backed by any collateral

## Impact

Anyone can leverage the fluctuating price of collateral to lower the amount of collateral backing ubiquity dollars over time. Users that own Ubiquity dollars may not be able to redeem any collateral. The value of Ubiquity dollar will eventually crash when people realize they are not backed by anything so the mint/redeem mechanism is no longer useful to maintain a stable price.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-ubiquity/blob/main/ubiquity-dollar/packages/contracts/src/dollar/libraries/LibUbiquityPool.sol#L326-L386

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-ubiquity/blob/main/ubiquity-dollar/packages/contracts/src/dollar/libraries/LibUbiquityPool.sol#L399-L465

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Only take excess collateral from the user and and send restraint amount of collaterals on redeem. For example only allow minting by depositing DAI if DAI price is above 1 USD and mint 1 Ubiquity dollar per deposited DAI. Allow redeem in DAI only if DAI price is below 1 and burn 1 Ubiquity dollar per redeemed DAI.

Users will only mint Ubiquity dollar if it is worth more than DAI so they are still incentivized. Users will burn Ubiquity dollar only if Ubiquity dollar price is below DAI price, they are still incentivized.

The protocol would no longer run out of collateral and cannot reach a state where Ubiquity dollars are not backed by any collateral.
