Mean Pine Kitten

medium

# Missing checks for chainlink's stale price

## Summary

The chainlink integration in the [`updateChainLinkCollateralPrice`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-ubiquity/blob/main/ubiquity-dollar/packages/contracts/src/dollar/libraries/LibUbiquityPool.sol#L523-L562) function retrieves the collateral asset price using the latestRoundData function. Chainlink aggregators incorporate a built-in circuit breaker designed to prevent the price of an asset from deviating outside a predefined price range. This circuit breaker can lead the oracle to consistently return the minPrice instead of the actual asset price, particularly in the event of a significant price drop, as observed during the LUNA crash.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `latestRoundData` of ChainlinkFeedRegistry extracts the linked aggregator and requests round data from it. In the scenario where an asset's price falls below the minPrice, the protocol persists in valuing the token at the minPrice rather than its actual value.

It's crucial to acknowledge that although Chainlink oracles are integral to the OracleAggregator system, and the use of a combination of oracles might mitigate such a situation, there remains a risk. Secondary oracles, such as Band, could be vulnerable to exploitation by a malicious user capable of launching a DDOS attack on relayers to prevent price updates. In the event of stale prices, the Chainlink oracle's price would become the sole reference, introducing a significant risk.

## Impact

In the event of an asset crash (like LUNA), the protocol can be manipulated by using incorrect collateral price.

## Code Snippet
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-ubiquity/blob/main/ubiquity-dollar/packages/contracts/src/dollar/libraries/LibUbiquityPool.sol#L530-L552

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

It is recommended to add configurable variables `minPrice` and `maxPrice` and add check to ensure the price moves in the specified price ranges.
```solidity
 if (price >= maxPrice || price <= minPrice) revert();
```
