Bitter Zinc Duck

medium

# Chainlink Oracle Data Feed will return the wrong price for asset if underlying aggregator hits minAnswer.

## Summary

The [updateChainLinkCollateralPrice](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-ubiquity/blob/main/ubiquity-dollar/packages/contracts/src/dollar/libraries/LibUbiquityPool.sol#L523) functions calls the `latestRoundData` function from the ChainLink oracle. There are indeed some set of validations to ensure that the timestamp of the round is the most recent. However, it fails to account for other set of validations, including the check for round completeness.

Chainlink aggregators have a built in circuit breaker if the price of an asset goes outside of a predetermined price band. The result is that if an asset experiences a huge drop in value (i.e. LUNA crash) the price of the oracle will continue to return the minPrice instead of the actual price of the asset. This would allow user to continue borrowing with the asset but at the wrong price. This is exactly what happened to [Venus on BSC when LUNA imploded](https://rekt.news/venus-blizz-rekt/).

[Reference of a valid submission](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-blueberry-judging/issues/18)

## Vulnerability Detail

It is important to be aware of the `minAnswer` and `maxAnswer` of the Chainlink oracle, these values are not allowed to be reached or surpassed.

The latestRoundData function pulls the associated aggregator and requests round data from it. Chainlink Aggregators have minPrice and maxPrice circuit breakers built into them. This means that if the price of the asset drops below the minPrice, the protocol will continue to value the token at minPrice instead of its actual value. This will allow users to take out huge amounts of bad debt and bankrupt the protocol.

Example:
TokenA has a minPrice of $1. The price of TokenA drops to $0.10.
The aggregator still returns $1 allowing the user to borrow against TokenA as if it is $1 which is 10x its actual value.

Here, Chainlink oracles are used a just one piece of the OracleAggregator system and it is assumed that using a combination of other oracles, a scenario like this can be avoided. However this is not the case because the other oracles also have their flaws that can still allow this to be exploited. As an example if the chainlink oracle is being used with a UniswapV3Oracle which uses a long TWAP then this will be exploitable when the TWAP is near the minPrice on the way down. In a scenario like that it wouldn't matter what the third oracle was because it would be bypassed with the two matching oracles prices. If secondary oracles like Band are used a malicious user could DDOS relayers to prevent update pricing. Once the price becomes stale the chainlink oracle would be the only oracle left and its price would be used.

## Impact

In the event that an asset crashes (i.e. LUNA) the protocol can be manipulated to give out more tokens at an inflated price. 

## Code Snippet

```solidity
         // fetch latest price
        (
            ,
            // roundId
            int256 answer, // startedAt
            ,
            uint256 updatedAt,

        ) = // answeredInRound
            priceFeed.latestRoundData();

        // fetch number of decimals in chainlink feed
        uint256 priceFeedDecimals = priceFeed.decimals();

        // validation
        require(answer > 0, "Invalid price");
        require(
            block.timestamp - updatedAt <
                poolStorage.collateralPriceFeedStalenessThresholds[
                    collateralIndex
                ],
            "Stale data"
        );
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-ubiquity/blob/main/ubiquity-dollar/packages/contracts/src/dollar/libraries/LibUbiquityPool.sol#L530-#L552

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

ChainlinkAdapterOracle should check the returned answer against the minPrice/maxPrice and revert if the answer is outside of the bounds.

```solidity
         // fetch latest price
        (
            ,
            // roundId
            int256 answer, // startedAt
            ,
            uint256 updatedAt,

        ) = // answeredInRound
            priceFeed.latestRoundData();

        // fetch number of decimals in chainlink feed
        uint256 priceFeedDecimals = priceFeed.decimals();

        // validation
-        require(answer > 0, "Invalid price");
+       if (answer >= maxPrice || answer <= minPrice) revert();
+       require(answeredInRound >= roundID, "ChainLink: Stale Token price");
        require(
            block.timestamp - updatedAt <
                poolStorage.collateralPriceFeedStalenessThresholds[
                    collateralIndex
                ],
            "Stale data"
        );
```