Big Crepe Jaguar

medium

# attacker can DOS admins calls to setPool and prevent protocol from updating

## Summary
Admin can call `setPool()` to set curve MetaPool to be used as a TWAP oracles in the protocol. the issue is that in `setPool()`'s code checks that for that pool `_reserve0 == _reserve1` but attacker can always manipulate and change the reserves in the pool by performing swaps. so attacker can DOS and prevent admins from calling `setPool()` and admins can't update the curve pool and it may cause wrong TWAP price as it has to work with the old pool while the token of the protocol is updated to new address.

also these lines in `setPool()` are incorrect too(this can be considered a separate issue):
```javascript
        ts.price0Average = 1 ether;
        ts.price1Average = 1 ether;
```
because there is no guarantee that price of the pool would be 1 to 1 always but the `require(_reserve0 == _reserve1)` bug prevents it. so if `required` has been removed then the average price should be calculated based on pool's real reserves.

## Vulnerability Detail
This is part of the `setPool()` code, as you can see it checks to make sure that reserve's of the pool for token 0 and 1 is equal:
```javascript
    function setPool(address _pool, address _curve3CRVToken1) internal {
        require(
            IMetaPool(_pool).coins(0) ==
                LibAppStorage.appStorage().dollarTokenAddress,
            "TWAPOracle: FIRST_COIN_NOT_DOLLAR"
        );
        TWAPOracleStorage storage ts = twapOracleStorage();

        // coin at index 0 is Ubiquity Dollar and index 1 is 3CRV
        require(
            IMetaPool(_pool).coins(1) == _curve3CRVToken1,
            "TWAPOracle: COIN_ORDER_MISMATCH"
        );

        uint256 _reserve0 = uint112(IMetaPool(_pool).balances(0));
        uint256 _reserve1 = uint112(IMetaPool(_pool).balances(1));

        // ensure that there's liquidity in the pair
        require(_reserve0 != 0 && _reserve1 != 0, "TWAPOracle: NO_RESERVES");
        // ensure that pair balance is perfect
        require(_reserve0 == _reserve1, "TWAPOracle: PAIR_UNBALANCED");
```
but reserves of the pool can be manipulated by attacker by performing swaps in the curve MetaPool and attacker can revert admins calls to `setPool()` just by performing swaps in the pool (attacker can front run any call to `setPool()` and change pool's reserves).
the assumption that reserves should be equal because they are both stable coin is wrong and exact equality of reserves is not guaranteed in AMM pools even for stable coins. 
as protocol token is migrated to new address admins need to call `setPool()` to change the target pool and TWAP prices required correct pool to work. so by preventing update of the pool TWAP price would be wrong and mint and redeem functionality depends on the TWAP price and they will be broken too.
This is the POC:
1. admins wants to set new pool either because of token update or old pool problems.
2. admins create new pool in the curve protocol and add equal liquidity of both tokens.
3. attacker would call and make swap in the new pool.
4. now admins can't call `setPool()`


setting the `price0Average` and `price1Average` to 1 ether is wrong too(wrong assumptions about the pool) but it won't cause problem in the current code because `require(reserve0 == reserve1)` makes sure that price is 1 to 1, but if require has been removed then the average prices should be calculated correctly. in general this could be a separate issue that will be exploitable if the `require(reserve0 == reserve1)` has been fixed.
setting wrong average price would give attacker opportunity to exploit other logics that depends on the TWAP price(logics that calls `consult()`). there are multiple logics in the code that calls TWAP price without updating the price first(like `_incentivizeBuy()` or `_incentivizeSell()` in LibCurveDollarIncentive, `getDollarsToMint()` in LibDollarMintCalculator, `mintClaimableDollars()` in LibCreditNftManager). attacker can call those logics after `setPool()` transaction, and while the real average price is  not 1 ether, code would execute those logics based on 1 ether average price.

## Impact
attacker can DOS updating the target metapool for TWAP price and it would break the core functionality of the protocol like mint and redeem.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-ubiquity/blob/d9c39e8dfd5601e7e8db2e4b3390e7d8dff42a8e/ubiquity-dollar/packages/contracts/src/dollar/libraries/LibTWAPOracle.sol#L50-L51

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
remove the unnecessary check or don't check for exact equality (perform this check: reserves should be in N% of each other)