Lively Candy Starling

high

# `setPool` open for front-run issue (swap, add liquidity), resulting TWAP oracle failed to initialized

## Summary

`setPool` open for front-run issue, making protocol unable to initialize the metapool thus TWAP oracle failed to initialized

## Vulnerability Detail

Looking at following function in `LibTWAPOracle`, specifically on line 51, `require(_reserve0 == _reserve1, "TWAPOracle: PAIR_UNBALANCED");` is open for a front-run attack, thus making owner unable to initialize the metapool for TWAP oracle usage.

```js
File: LibTWAPOracle.sol
31:     function setPool(address _pool, address _curve3CRVToken1) internal {
...
45:         uint256 _reserve0 = uint112(IMetaPool(_pool).balances(0));
46:         uint256 _reserve1 = uint112(IMetaPool(_pool).balances(1));
47:
48:         // ensure that there's liquidity in the pair
49:         require(_reserve0 != 0 && _reserve1 != 0, "TWAPOracle: NO_RESERVES");
50:         // ensure that pair balance is perfect
51:         require(_reserve0 == _reserve1, "TWAPOracle: PAIR_UNBALANCED");
...
59:     }
```

This exact comparison of balance between Dollar and 3CRV LP definitely will raise issues.

Someone can front-run the `setPool`, and manipulate these balances, resulting revert on it.

There are several cases to manipulate these balance, for example, swapping one token of 3pool (DAI-USDC-USDT) to Dollar (UbiquityDollar) which is `_reserve0`, or increase the `_reserve1` balance by minting LP via adding liquidity or deposit 3pool (DAI-USDC-USDT)

This means, when Ubiquity protocol deploy the metapool in Curve, initialize, then before calling `setPool`, it's possible to front-run the transaction.

The front-run could change the balance of either reserve0 or reserve1, thus revert will raise and TWAP oracle will not be initialized correctly.

> On a note, metapool allows a single coin to be pooled with all the coins in another (base) pool without diluting its liquidity, means that in the Dollar/3Pool Metapool we can deposit the [following](https://resources.curve.fi/lp/depositing/depositing-into-a-metapool/#depositing):

> - Dollar (UbiquityDollar)
> - Any of the 3Pool (DAI-USDC-USDT)
> - 3Pool LP token (3crv)

## Impact

Unable to register or call `setPool`, thus TWAP oracle failed to initialized. 

Since TWAP oracle is not initialized, the `LibTWAPOracle.update();` which is crucial in `mintDollar` and `redeemDollar` it will break this functionality, thus this can be considered as high issue.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-ubiquity/blob/main/ubiquity-dollar/packages/contracts/src/dollar/libraries/LibTWAPOracle.sol#L51

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider to remove the `require(_reserve0 == _reserve1, "TWAPOracle: PAIR_UNBALANCED");` and give the relative adjustment to the price average based on current balance.
