Nutty Green Badger

medium

# `UbiquityDollarToken`: Incentives will get applied twice if the sender is the same as the recipient

## Summary

`UbiquityDollarToken` is a standard ERC20 token, however incentives may get triggered on transfer. These incentives will get triggered twice if the sender is the same as the recipient.

## Vulnerability Detail

The function `_checkAndApplyIncentives()`'s logic is that, if the incentive contract for the sender, recipient, or operator is set, then incentives are triggered.

While the operator's incentive has a check that it only triggers if it's different from the sender or recipient:

```solidity
if (
    _msgSender() != sender &&
    _msgSender() != recipient &&
    operatorIncentive != address(0) 
) {
    IIncentive(operatorIncentive).incentivize(
        sender,
        recipient,
        _msgSender(),
        amount
    );
}
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-ubiquity/blob/main/ubiquity-dollar/packages/contracts/src/dollar/core/UbiquityDollarToken.sol#L112-L124

However there's no check for when recipient is the same as sender

```solidity
address recipientIncentive = incentiveContract[recipient];
if (recipientIncentive != address(0)) { // recipient may be the same as sender
    IIncentive(recipientIncentive).incentivize(
        sender,
        recipient,
        _msgSender(),
        amount
    );
}
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-ubiquity/blob/main/ubiquity-dollar/packages/contracts/src/dollar/core/UbiquityDollarToken.sol#L101-L109

Since this token inherits OZ's standard ERC20, which supports loop transfer, incentives will get triggered twice. 

We identify that this behavior is likely unintended, because operator's incentive isn't triggered if the operator is the same as either the sender or recipient. However it still triggers the second time if sender is the same as recipient.

## Impact

Incentivize will trigger twice if the sender is the same as the recipient. This will likely cause wrong incentives accounting.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-ubiquity/blob/main/ubiquity-dollar/packages/contracts/src/dollar/core/UbiquityDollarToken.sol#L90-L109

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Check that the sender is different from the recipient, before applying the second incentive.
