Magic Berry Caterpillar

high

# User can frontrun and backrun the price feed update of an collateral price and steal value from the pool

## Summary
User can frontrun and backrun the price feed update of an collateral price and steal value from the pool.

## Vulnerability Detail
**DAI** and **LUSD** are used as collaterals in Ubiquity pool. 

Protocol allows user mint Dollar Token with DAI and redeem with LUSD and vice versa. 

User can deposit low-priced collateral and withdraw high-priced collateral by frontrun and backrun the price feed update of an collateral price.

Let's assume:
1. 1 DAI price = 1u, LUSD price = 1u, Ubiquity pool has 100 LUSD;
2. Now the exchange rate of the collateral will be updated to 1 DAI price = 0.99u;
3. User can frontrun price feed update to [mint](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-ubiquity/blob/main/ubiquity-dollar/packages/contracts/src/dollar/libraries/LibUbiquityPool.sol#L326-L334) 100 Dollar Token with 100 DAI (as price feed price is still not updated yet);
4. After the price feed price is updated, the user can backrun to [redeem](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-ubiquity/blob/main/ubiquity-dollar/packages/contracts/src/dollar/libraries/LibUbiquityPool.sol#L399-L406) 100 LUSD with his 100 Dollar Token;
5. Dollar Token holders can only redeem 100 DAI (worth 99u) and hence suffer a loss (1u).

## Impact
Ubiquity may see the arbitrage as a feature rather than a bug, however this issue is a direct theft of funds from Dollar Token holders, it will open up arbitrage opportunities to the detriment of Ubiquity users, results in arbitrage user stealing value from the pool.

Given the large amount of on-chain liquidity of the collaterals, the pool may be able to be exploited for large amounts given even a small price discrepancy between the different collaterals.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-ubiquity/blob/main/ubiquity-dollar/packages/contracts/src/dollar/libraries/LibUbiquityPool.sol#L326-L334

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-ubiquity/blob/main/ubiquity-dollar/packages/contracts/src/dollar/libraries/LibUbiquityPool.sol#L399-L406

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
1. Use multiple price feeds to potentially close any profitable opportunities;
2. Do not allow user to redeem right after mint.