Jovial Hazel Armadillo

high

# duplicate addition of collateral token will mess the protocol with permanent duplicates, protocol could loose funds, user funds can be locked.

## Summary
UbiquityPoolFacet::addCollateralToken() does not check for collateral token to exist before adding it. A duplicate addition will break the normal protocol functioning for that token. The front end based interaction will break.
This is marked high because once the issue is introduced due to human error, there is no mechanism to resolve it.

## Vulnerability Detail
Call on facet will enter LibUbiquityPool::addCollateralToken and starts updating the state variables in the ubiquityPoolStorage.
A number of state variables are overwritten with new values and others are reset to default.

Key state variables causing the break:

a) Index of Collateral is updated.
    poolStorage.collateralIndex[collateralAddress] = collateralIndex;

b) Collateral is disabled.
  poolStorage.isCollateralEnabled[collateralAddress] = false;

## Impact
a) User unable to withdraw the collateral deposited
    Lets say, When user minted by depositing DAI was as below
    poolStorage.collateralIndex["DAIAddress"] = 10;

   After this, if the DAIAddress was added again by mistake. 
   ```solidity   
   poolStorage.collateralIndex["DAIAddress"] = 11;
   ```
   The collateral will also be disabled. But, lets say admin can toggle and enable it back.
   When the user tries to redeem the deposited collateral, if the call was made via **collateralInformation()** function, the index 
  returned will be 11. With that index, firstly, it will face the block due to collateral not being enabled.
  Depending on the timing of when the duplicate entry was added, either user or the protocol will loose funds.

  **User funds locked:**
  Lets say, user initiated the redemption before the duplicate entry, then redeemCollateralBalances and 
  unclaimedPoolCollateral will  be updated for index 10.

  But, when the collectRedemption call is made,  as the duplicate entry was added, the index is 11 now and there are no balances to with draw on index 11 for the user. This will not function from the front end. The protocol may help the user with correct index to collect on a support ticket since passing the correct index should work.

   **Protocol could loose funds:**
 Since the minting and redeeming fees are configured as 0 by default. The duplicate entry will create a window for minting and redeeming users to mint and redeem at zero fee as the collateral is enabled while realising the duplicate record and hence not setting the other parameters in a pursuit to let lock users redeem their funds etc.
Any one realising the gap n the configuration could take advantage during minting or redeeming resulting in lose of funds to the protocol.   
  
## Code Snippet
This will block the users who deposited into the collateral before the duplicate entry and now trying to redeem or withdraw.
```solidity
 modifier collateralEnabled(uint256 collateralIndex) {
        UbiquityPoolStorage storage poolStorage = ubiquityPoolStorage();
        require(
            poolStorage.isCollateralEnabled[
                poolStorage.collateralAddresses[collateralIndex]
            ],
            "Collateral disabled"
        );
        _;
    }
```
and when collecting the funds, the below condition in collectRedemption() function, as the index is fliped to a new one.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-ubiquity/blob/main/ubiquity-dollar/packages/contracts/src/dollar/libraries/LibUbiquityPool.sol#L476-L517
```solidity
  if (
            poolStorage.redeemCollateralBalances[msg.sender][collateralIndex] >
            0
        )
```
## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Check for existence of the collateralAddress in the collateralAddresses array before adding.
Call isCollateralConfigured() function to ensure collateralAddress is not configured before adding into the storage.

```solidity
function isCollateralConfigured(address newAddr) internal view returns(bool _found){
   for (uint256 i = 0; i < poolStorage.collateralAddresses.length; i++) {
            if(poolStorage.collateralAddresses[i]==newAddr){
                _found = true;
            }
   }
   return _found;
}
 ```