Macho Heather Mammoth

medium

# LibTWAPOracle may use outdated price

## Summary
LibTWAPOracle may use outdated price, because when `update` it uses last balance stored in the curve twap, which may not be same as current timestamp.
## Vulnerability Detail
LibTWAPOracle library is responsible for querying curve pool twap and based on the result [calculate the price of UbiquityDollar](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-ubiquity/blob/main/ubiquity-dollar/packages/contracts/src/dollar/libraries/LibTWAPOracle.sol#L159-L164).

Each time, when `update` is called, which [can be called by anyone from facet](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-ubiquity/blob/main/ubiquity-dollar/packages/contracts/src/dollar/facets/TWAPOracleDollar3poolFacet.sol#L33) for example, then in case if last prices update was before the last twap update, [function will calculate prices](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-ubiquity/blob/main/ubiquity-dollar/packages/contracts/src/dollar/libraries/LibTWAPOracle.sol#L84-L97), based on twap info. Also each time, [it stores current data](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-ubiquity/blob/main/ubiquity-dollar/packages/contracts/src/dollar/libraries/LibTWAPOracle.sol#L99-L100) to [use it later for comparison](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-ubiquity/blob/main/ubiquity-dollar/packages/contracts/src/dollar/libraries/LibTWAPOracle.sol#L78).

Now, let's check how twap oracle is implemented in the curve pool.
So each time, when `_update` function is called, [then `price_cumulative_last` is updated with previous values](https://etherscan.io/address/0x5F890841f657d90E081bAbdB532A05996Af79Fe6#code#L335). `_update` function is called only by other functions that somehow change liquidity amount or execute swaps. What this means is that in case if someone changes the price, then it will not be stored into the `price_cumulative_last`, until someone next will call `_update`. This can be quick or it can be long time without calling.

So, in case if someone calls `TWAPOracleDollar3poolFacet.update`, then it's possible that long time have passed since last update and that `get_price_cumulative_last` function will return not up to date values and thus average price will be incorrect.
## Impact
Fetched twap price can be incorrect
## Code Snippet
Provided above
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
The problem is that curve pool doesn't have ability to call `_update` function without a swap as it is possible in uniswap v2 twap. In this case ubiquity can implement it in their own contract and in case if `block_timestamp_last` from curve pool is not equal to block.timestamp, then increase `get_price_cumulative_last`(simulate `_update` function). But sometimes it can be not needed in case of small delays, so some threshold is needed to trigger update.