Scruffy Sage Armadillo

medium

# Misevaluation of user's Investment in LP tokens

## Summary

The `UbiquityPoolFacet` contract allows a user to redeem `Ubiquity Dollars` in exchange for the `deposited collateral`. The project implements index tokens `(Ubiquity Dollars)` to represent the investors portfolio a part of which can be `LP tokens` from providing liquidity to a pair. The project calculates the value of this `Ubiquity Dollars` based on the underlying token's value in `USD` In the `getDollarPriceUsd()` function.

However, this may not yield accurate results due to the phenomenon known as `impermanent loss` which `LP` providers typically experience when the price of one of the tokens in the pair `shifts` in the market.


## Vulnerability Detail
[UbiquityPoolFacet.sol#L64-L70](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-ubiquity/blob/main/ubiquity-dollar%2Fpackages%2Fcontracts%2Fsrc%2Fdollar%2Ffacets%2FUbiquityPoolFacet.sol#L64-L70) 

```Solidity
    function getDollarPriceUsd()
        external
        view
        returns (uint256 dollarPriceUsd)
    {
@>        return LibUbiquityPool.getDollarPriceUsd();
    }
```
In a scenario where the price of one of the tokens shift significantly, the calculated value of the LP tokens based on the underlying tokens value in `USD` may not accurately reflect the user's investment.

Suppose we have a liquidity pool with two tokens, `TokenA` and `TokenB`, and we provide liquidity in the following proportion:

```Solidity
function provideLiquidity(amountADesired, amountBDesired, amountAMin, amountBMin) external payable {
   // Logic for providing liquidity
}
```
We call this function with equal amounts of both tokens:

```Solidity
provideLiquidity(100, 100, 100, 100);
```
Now, suppose the price of `TokenA` in the pool drops significantly. When we try to withdraw our liquidity, we might receive fewer `TokenA` than we initially deposited, causing us to experience impermanent loss. 

```Solidity
function removeLiquidity(amountADesired, amountBDesired, amountAMin, amountBMin) external payable {
   // Logic for removing liquidity
}
```
If we call this function with the same amounts as we initially provided:

```Solidity
removeLiquidity(100, 100, 100, 100);
```
We might receive fewer `TokenA` than we initially deposited, due to the price drop of `TokenA`. This means our net withdrawal amount `(in USD)` is less than our initial deposit, causing us to experience `impermanent loss`.


## Impact

This can lead to misrepresentation of the user's portfolio value potentially causing financial loses. 


## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-ubiquity/blob/main/ubiquity-dollar%2Fpackages%2Fcontracts%2Fsrc%2Fdollar%2Ffacets%2FUbiquityPoolFacet.sol#L64-L70

## Tool used

Manual Review
VS Code

## Recommendation

To mitigate this issue, it is recommended to use the `getFairLpPrice()` function, which calculates the `fair price` of an `LP token` based on the real reserves.