Scruffy Sage Armadillo

high

# Unrestricted Burn() Function Exploit

## Summary

The vulnerability in the `burn()`  function lies in the fact that it has `public visibility` and does not have any `access control` mechanism. This means that any entity that knows the function signature can call it and abuse it.


## Vulnerability Detail

```Solidity
// @notice Destroys amount tokens from the caller

    function burn(uint256 amount) public virtual whenNotPaused {
        _burn(_msgSender(), amount);
        emit Burning(msg.sender, amount);
    }
```

As per the comment, the function is designed to destroy `tokens` from the `caller's account` as would also be the case of an attacker who has a significant amount of the tokens then decides to burn almost all of them.

This can create `inflation` and hence increase the worth of the token. Then an attacker can `swap` the token at an `inflated price` until the pool is exhausted and gain a profit. 

### Attack scenario:

First, the attacker calls the `burn` function, which is publicly callable, and burns a significant amount of `UBQ` tokens. 

Now, the attacker syncs the price of the `UBQ` token in the contract, which inflates the price of the `UBQ` tokens.

Then the attacker swaps the `UBQ` token with any low value token at the inflated price. This way, the attacker gets more profit from such an activity. 



## Impact

Total loss of funds. In the event that the attacker pulls this off, the funds lost cannot be reclaimed. 

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-ubiquity/blob/main/ubiquity-dollar%2Fpackages%2Fcontracts%2Fsrc%2Fdollar%2Fcore%2FERC20Ubiquity.sol#L142-L145

## Tool used

Manual Review
Vs Code

## Recommendation

The attack can  easily be prevented by implementing correct `access controls` like `onlyOwner` or by making the function `internal` with correct `access control` logic.
