Sparkly Taffy Shark

medium

# Incorrect Price Threshold Setting in UbiquityPoolFacet

## Summary
The problem  in thecontract arises from the setPriceThresholds function, which is responsible for setting the mint and redeem price thresholds for Ubiquity Dollars. 
## Vulnerability Detail
The contract is contains a vulnerability related to the setting of price thresholds for minting` (mintPriceThreshold)` and redeeming `(redeemPriceThreshold)` Ubiquity Dollars. The `setPriceThresholds` function is critical, as it determines the parameters within which users can mint and redeem the currency and inaccurate setting of these thresholds can lead to financial exploitation.
here is the vulenrbale part : 
```solidity
 /// @inheritdoc IUbiquityPool
    function setPriceThresholds(
        uint256 newMintPriceThreshold,
        uint256 newRedeemPriceThreshold
    ) external onlyAdmin {
        LibUbiquityPool.setPriceThresholds(
            newMintPriceThreshold,
            newRedeemPriceThreshold
        );
    }

```
-here is a scenario confirm the issue so let's assume the current market price of the collateral is $100, 
and the protocol is designed to mint 1 Ubiquity Dollar for each `$100 `worth of collateral. 
The admin sets the `mintPriceThreshold` inaccurately low, say at `$90 `instead of $100.
examlpe in Mint  With the threshold set at $90, users can now mint 1 Ubiquity Dollar for every $90 worth of collateral, instead of the intended $100. and This discrepancy allows users to mint more Ubiquity Dollars than they should be able to, inflating the supply and potentially devaluing the currency.
- If a user deposits collateral worth $1,000, they should only be able to mint 10 Ubiquity Dollars (assuming 1:1 ratio at $100 per Dollar).
- With the incorrect threshold, the same user can mint approximately 11.11 Ubiquity Dollars ($1,000 / $90).
- and this represents a potential over-minting of about 1.11 Ubiquity Dollars for every $1,000 worth of collateral, a significant deviation from the intended protocol mechanics.
## Impact

## Code Snippet
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-ubiquity/blob/d9c39e8dfd5601e7e8db2e4b3390e7d8dff42a8e/ubiquity-dollar/packages/contracts/src/dollar/facets/UbiquityPoolFacet.sol#L184C4-L194C1 
## Tool used
Manual Review
## Recommendation
-it's need a  checks and balances in the threshold setting process, including potentially a multi-signature requirement for these critical changes.