Long Rainbow Squid

high

# Possible arbitrage from Chainlink price discrepancy

## Summary
The protocol calculates the amount of collateral based on Chainlink quotes, and Chainlink quotes are not real-time, which introduces deviations. This creates an arbitrage opportunity.

## Vulnerability Detail
Currently UBIQUITY relies on the following chainlink price feeds in order to calculate LUSD / USD exchange rate:
|  #   | Price Feed  | Deviation  | Heartbeat  |
|  ----  | ----  |----  |----  |
| 1  | LUSD / USD |1% |3600s |
| 2  | DAI / USD |0.25% |3600s |

As we can see, an acceptable deviation for LUSD / USD price feed is about [-1% 1%], meaning that the nodes will not update an on-chain price, in case the boundaries are not reached within the 24h period. These deviations are significant enough to open an arbitrage opportunities which will impact an overall LUSD / USD exchange rate badly.

As we can see, an acceptable deviation for LUSD / USD price feed is about [-1% 1%], meaning that the nodes will not update an on-chain price, in case the boundaries are not reached within the 24h period. These deviations are significant enough to open an arbitrage opportunities which will impact an overall LUSD / USD exchange rate badly.
In the `mintDollar()` function, the protocol calculates the required collateralNeeded using `dollarAmount/collateralPrices`. 
```solidity
    function getDollarInCollateral(
        uint256 collateralIndex,
        uint256 dollarAmount
    ) internal view returns (uint256) {
        UbiquityPoolStorage storage poolStorage = ubiquityPoolStorage();
        return
            dollarAmount
                .mul(UBIQUITY_POOL_PRICE_PRECISION)
                .div(10 ** poolStorage.missingDecimals[collateralIndex])
                .div(poolStorage.collateralPrices[collateralIndex]);
    }
```

Similarly, in the `redeemDollar()` function, it calculates `collateralOut` for the user using the same method. If the collateral price is at its maximum (+1%) during mintDollar() and at its minimum (-1%) during redeemDollar(), an arbitrage opportunity arises.

## Impact

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-ubiquity/blob/main/ubiquity-dollar/packages/contracts/src/dollar/libraries/LibUbiquityPool.sol#L355

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
I was thinking about utilizing multiple price oracles, which could potentially close any profitable opportunities
