Jovial Hazel Armadillo

high

# Users depositing in multiple collateral will not be able to collect their collateral on planned redeem schedule

## Summary
When the user initiates redeeming of collateral, the request is locked for certain number of blocks based on current block.
This is being reset for every time the user calls redeemDollar, which means if the user is operating multiple collateral, he will not be able to withdraw collateral until he waits for complete cycle for each redeem request.

## Vulnerability Detail
The lastRedeemedBlock is tracked on user level rather than on collateral level. This will create a conflict where user seems opportunity to redeem their collateral but would be prevented because it blocks working with other collateral.

Lets say, the user deposits multiple collateral, namely, DAI, USDC and USDT.
DAI 100
USDC 100
USDT 100

say, redemption delay blocks is set to 100000.

At some point in future, the user sees a reason to with draw DAI and initiates the redeemDollar call.
At that time, the current block was 18952107 which is captured.

lastRedeemedBlock[user]=18952107

At 18952107 + 100000, user should be able to withdraw DAI.

Now, at 18952107 + 95000, user decides to withdraw USDT 1000 and hence initiates the redeemDollar call.
Now the lastRedeemedBlock will be set as 
lastRedeemedBlock[user]=18952107 + 95000.

Which means user will not be able to withdraw DAI 18952107 and will have to wait until 18952107 + 95000 to withdraw both DAI and
and USDT considering he does not initial USDC request any point of after that, else the withdrawal delay will be further extended.

## Impact
This could lead to frustrated and angry users who were not able to withdraw their collateral to meet their goals inspite of adhering to the norms of the protocol.

## Code Snippet
redeemDollar function where the start point for redeeming collateral is set.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-ubiquity/blob/main/ubiquity-dollar/packages/contracts/src/dollar/libraries/LibUbiquityPool.sol#L399-L465

```solidity
 poolStorage.lastRedeemedBlock[msg.sender] = block.number;
```

collectRedemption function is where the check to withdraw is validated.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-ubiquity/blob/main/ubiquity-dollar/packages/contracts/src/dollar/libraries/LibUbiquityPool.sol#L476-L517

```solidity
require(
            (
                poolStorage.lastRedeemedBlock[msg.sender].add(
                    poolStorage.redemptionDelayBlocks
                )
            ) <= block.number,
            "Too soon to collect redemption"
        );

```

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
To resolve this issue, it is best to maintain redeemBlocksDelay at [user + collateral level]. This will ensure the delay is applicable to each collateral. The issue of partial redeemptions will still occur, but in that case, when requesting for redeemption, the request can be rejected stating that redeem request is pending for the collateral and new one can be submitted on processing the pending one.