Plain Crepe Mole

medium

# Users could run into DoS when calling collectRedemption() due to increased change of redemptionDelayBlocks

## Summary
A potential vulnerability has been identified in the smart contract handling the redemption process of collateral in the Ubiquity Pool system. The issue arises from the ability of contract administrators to change `poolStorage.redemptionDelayBlocks`, potentially affecting users who have already initiated a redemption but have not yet collected their collateral.

Much as the admin is trusted, there isn't a way to prevent the incidents from happening unless `poolStorage.unclaimedPoolCollateral[collateralIndex] ==0`.

## Vulnerability Detail
`LibUbiquityPool.sol` separates the redemption process into two functions: `redeemDollar()` and `collectRedemption()`. Users first call `redeemDollar()` to initiate the redemption, and after a delay defined by `poolStorage.redemptionDelayBlocks`, they call `collectRedemption()` to complete the process. However, if `poolStorage.redemptionDelayBlocks` is increased after a user has called `redeemDollar()` but before `collectRedemption()`, it could extend the waiting period unexpectedly, effectively causing a Denial of Service for the user.

## Impact
The impact of this vulnerability is primarily on the user experience, potentially causing delays in the redemption process. It could erode trust in the system if users perceive that the delay period can be arbitrarily extended. 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-ubiquity/blob/main/ubiquity-dollar/packages/contracts/src/dollar/libraries/LibUbiquityPool.sol#L485-L492

```solidity
        require(
            (
                poolStorage.lastRedeemedBlock[msg.sender].add(
                    poolStorage.redemptionDelayBlocks
                )
            ) <= block.number,
            "Too soon to collect redemption"
        );
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-ubiquity/blob/main/ubiquity-dollar/packages/contracts/src/dollar/libraries/LibUbiquityPool.sol#L788-L796

```solidity
    function setRedemptionDelayBlocks(
        uint256 newRedemptionDelayBlocks
    ) internal {
        UbiquityPoolStorage storage poolStorage = ubiquityPoolStorage();

        poolStorage.redemptionDelayBlocks = newRedemptionDelayBlocks;

        emit RedemptionDelayBlocksSet(newRedemptionDelayBlocks);
    }
```
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To mitigate this vulnerability, it is recommended to cache the `poolStorage.redemptionDelayBlocks` value at the time of calling `redeemDollar()`. This can be achieved by adding a new mapping in the `UbiquityPoolStorage` struct that records the redemption delay for each user at the time they initiate redemption. The `collectRedemption()` function should then refer to this user-specific delay rather than the global setting. This approach ensures that any changes to the global redemption delay do not affect users who have already initiated the redemption process.

Implementation example:

```solidity
mapping(address => uint256) userRedemptionDelay;

function redeemDollar(...) internal ... {
    // ...
    poolStorage.userRedemptionDelay[msg.sender] = poolStorage.redemptionDelayBlocks;
    // ...
}

function collectRedemption(...) internal ... {
    require(
        poolStorage.lastRedeemedBlock[msg.sender].add(poolStorage.userRedemptionDelay[msg.sender]) <= block.number,
        "Too soon to collect redemption"
    );
    // ...
}
```
This change would safeguard the redemption process against unexpected delays, enhancing trust and reliability in the smart contract's operations.